docs: add libsinsp example code and documentation (#34)
falcosecurity/libs: userspace/libsinsp/examples/README.md

# Example sinsp code

This directory contains a program that demonstrates how to use libsinsp for event capture and filtering.

## Quick Start ##

`sinsp-example` monitors the host and any running containers for system activity. By default, it prints events of all types and is very noisy. 

> To use filtering, specify a [Sysdig filter](https://github.com/draios/sysdig/wiki/Sysdig-User-Guide#all-supported-filters) using `-f`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use filtering, specify a [filter](https://falco.org/docs/rules/supported-fields/#system-calls-source-syscall) using `-f`.
```
